Good morning everyone. It's an honor for me that all of you are here and I am very excited to be able to show you a project to which I've dedicated a lot of time and effort.
Many of you must have ever known emergency services in hospitals. In practically all, a patient classification process is carried out called Triage.

But what is triage? Well, this process consists of classifying patients according to their symptoms, vital signs and available resources at medical center in emergency levels. 
These levels are based on standardized scales that are generally based on 5 levels.

Once the patient's symptoms are collected, the corresponding level of urgency is assigned.

After the level of urgency is assigned, the patient must be treated within a maximum time specified according to level and scale. But, what happens when there are too many
people waiting to be taken care of? Many of these people have to wait too long to endure pain, even when their level of urgency is high.
This usually happens in the case of traffic accidents, because on certain occasions there is a massive accident where several people are affected, saturating the emergency service.

In 2019, traffic accidents in Ecuador have remained at very high numbers ranging from 1600 to 2200 accidents in a month.	For this reason, I've wanted
study a possible solution to this problem.

My name is Cristopher Davila and my thesis topic is TRIAGE SYSTEM DESIGN FOR TRAFFIC ACCIDENTS MEDICAL EMERGENCY PATIENTS USING
NEURAL NETWORKS TECHNIQUES.

The agenda for this presentation is as follows.

Earlier I mentioned what are the problems that are currently being suffered in the triage.

To design a prototype application to determine the patient critical level in traffic accidents using neural networks techniques.

In the theoretical framework I would like to discuss about Triage Scales. There are some standardized scales that are used for triage classification, so the most used are:

In this project I choose the MTS due to it is the most used scale and it is a standard in Ecuador.

which are identified by colors. These levels indicate the maximum time in which the patient should be treated.

temperature. diastolic systolic, breathing freq, heart rate


Flutter Characteristics
Native App Performance: Contrary to the approach of most cross-platform frameworks, Flutter doesn’t rely on any intermediate code representations or interpretation.
Flutter application is built directly into the machine code, which eliminates any performance bugs of the interpretation process.




DATASET: anadir el numero de pacientes, especificar mejor. Anadir porcentajes de test data y training data
22: Training framework
23: Mover titulo
24: Mobile Application framework
27: Organizar
Resaltar numero de tests
31 y 33: Anadir cuadrado
quitar grafica execution time
39: Cambiar color general conclusion y poner icono foco